INTRODUCTION   
  
Autohub is poised to revolutionize the automobile industry through turnkey automobile services, ranging from land vehicles to aviation, AI, space exploration, and maritime. We are building an inter-business community for maximum utilization of automotive products.   
After years of participation in revolutionizing the automobile industry, I realized there is a gap in Africa, which has stagnated the industry, resulting in minimal evolution and innovation: Everyone is comfortable with the buying and selling routine! To put it differently, automobile entrepreneurs simply want to enrich themselves and retire without a plan for structure and transformation.   
For this reason, I wrote this book to open the eyes of those in the automobile industry to understand the nitty-gritty of the industry, its evolution, and how to create wealth out of it and contribute positively to its growth.  
This book is a precursor of MACEOS, a program designed to build automobile CEOs in all aspects.   
MACEOS, which stands for Modern Automobile CEOs, is an initiative by Autohub Africa to develop Modern Automobile CEOs in Africa and around the world. This book serves as a blueprint for achieving success as an automobile CEO, guiding you from the basics to the high point.   
Read thoughtfully and apply all practical guidelines as you work towards becoming a successful Modern Automobile CEO.    AS A BEGINNER 
This is the beginning of the book, and it explains what a Modern Automobile CEO is all about, what qualifies a person to become an automobile CEO, the best way to enter the industry, and the benefits that Autohub Africa offers to aspiring automobile CEOs through its academy. 
The chapter further discusses the necessary preparations for starting out, as well as the need to conduct market analyses, surveys, and career interest. The concluding topic talks about embracing the reality of having accepted to go into the automobile industry and the willingness to give all it requires. UNDERSTANDING THE INDUSTRY 
Chapter two covers the scope of the industry, market, statistics, and the future of the automobile industry. The discussion includes aviation, land vehicles, maritime, artificial intelligence, and space exploration.  
Short and insightful, all aspects of the sectors were discussed summarily, especially space exploration, where interstellar bodies, the universe, and scientific space accomplishments were discussed.AUTOMOBILE MECHANISM 
Chapter three explains how a vehicle’s engine and transmission work. It also covers other related components, such as suspension, sensors, valves, structure, and electrical system. 
The chapter began with a brief history of how automotive mechanisms work, their evolution, and the individuals who played key roles in making the technology possible. 
 BUILDING A CEO’S CHARACTER 
This chapter is pivotal as it opens readers' eyes to what business is all about, how to work professionally in business execution, and the daily lifestyle that accompanies it. Then it proceeds to discuss technical know-how — the necessary skills that an automobile CEO should possess.  
It also covered database creation, utilization, managing negative and positive results, self-discovery, health, education, integrity, appearance, words, creativity, managerial qualities, personality, growth, and morals. 
 WAYS TO RAISE MONEY 
Chapter five first explores what money is and its understanding. Then it proceeds to discuss the systems that accumulate wealth and how wealth can be retained.  
It also covers topics such as banking, building account statements, banks' products and services, repayment, investment advice, international banks, bootstrapping, grants, investors, business plans, and wealth multiplication. 
  
  SALES AND MARKETING 
As expected, considering what this book represents, it cannot be concluded without a thorough discussion on sales and marketing. This chapter provides practical guidelines for how an automobile CEO can promote and sell his or her products, especially in today’s system. 
It began with market research, sales preparation, sales platforms, networking, product cataloging, data cataloging, basic and advanced marketing, absorbing sales bounce, sales commissions, trading on a clean slate, and other activities.  
The chapter wraps up with these three enriching subtopics: “saving money, reinvestment, and business growth”. STARTING OPERATION 
This chapter covers the real-world phase of the automobile industry, focusing on practical activities and operational needs. It begins with the need to assess market demand and determine the necessary budget to get started. 
The chapter further discusses sensitive topics, including vehicle inspection checklists, diagnostic devices, methods for analyzing vehicle faults, vehicle management, sales strategies, long-term planning, business registration, setting up an office and operational structure, official documents, working with affiliates, employee management, handling complaints, and application to other automobile sectors. BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP 
Chapter eight focuses on business relationships, opening the readers' eyes to how to build connections with the wealthy, partners, executives, board of directors, creditors, business associates, debtors, experienced entrepreneurs, international businessmen, relatives, clients, spiritual businesspeople, corporate organizations, cooperative societies, the Government, and government agencies and parastatals. 
It also discusses the best ways to understand clients, entrepreneurs, automobile artisans, and advanced networking. AUTOMOBILE SECTOR 
Chapter nine primarily covers other automobile sectors, aiming to inform automobile CEOs about additional sectors they can also venture into. These sectors include land vehicles, aviation, maritime, robotics, space exploration, AI, end-user education, artisan training, licensing of artisans, vehicle logbook systems, telematics, augmented reality, vehicle security, and carbon capture technology. 
Others are solid-state batteries, smart road construction, airless tires, drones, automobile magazines, automobile blogging, vehicle reviews, online automobile services, smart tracking, space recycling, research, smart car-wash, electric vehicles, autonomous vehicles, hybrid vehicles, highway lighting, auto-design, vehicle detailing, automobile academy, hot air balloons, airships, automobile engineering, and transportation. 
Some of these sectors were discussed in general terms, while others were examined in detail. AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING 
This is the core of this book and the most detailed section. It discusses automotive manufacturing in depth, as we can’t revolutionize the industry without embracing manufacturing. The chapter covers all sectors of automotive manufacturing, including land vehicles, aircraft, robots, parachutes, maritime, AI, and components. 
It also covers subtopics such as automobile lubricant and gas, coding, programming languages, steps to learning coding, regulations, intellectual property protection, space communication technologies, raw materials, production processes, the technology used in modern automotive manufacturing, safety management, automotive manufacturing management, operations, customer relations, certifications, and aircraft sales.  CHAPTER ELEVEN  BUILDING A CONGLOMERATE 
The goal of a successful CEO is to build a conglomerate. Of course, we can’t wrap up this book without discussing how an automobile CEO can build a conglomerate.  
This chapter takes a holistic approach to what it takes to build a conglomerate, covering key topics like steps to building a conglomerate, investment, shares, digital currencies, business negotiation, partnerships, partnering with the government, company structure, brand management, multinational networking, and building a global mega-corporation. 
It also discusses other topics, such as winning awards, recognitions, peer groups, identity, and height of success. CHAPTER TWELVE THE LIFE OF A SUCCESSFUL CEO  
This is the final chapter of the book. It is more of an allegory; it projects the topics as though in the past, whereas it addresses the present. The chapter discusses the transition stages of an automobile CEO. It covers sensitive topics like what drew you into the automobile industry, the decisions you made, temptation moments, seedtime, patience time, disappointments, and your contributions to the automobile industry. 
It further explores the history of the universe, the history of humanity, beliefs, spirituality, anthropology, the men who shaped the world, great ideas, post-success scenarios, giving back to others, royal dignity, happy death, life after death, and eternity. 